Hello everyone, I'm Hieu, I'm from RVC.
Today I would like to present about Map Viewer plugin

There are 3 parts in my presentation
First is User story
Second, I will introduce briefly about Memory structure
Last, I will present about the features in Map Viewer plugin

About User Story,
Almost information of devices such as section information is stored in map file and shown by table. It's difficult to observed or check overall memory.
so, users desire a feature which help them inspect and check memory visually. And Map Viewer plugin can support them to make this.

Before presenting about Map Viewer plugin, I would to introduce briefly about Memory Structure to help everyone to understand shown informaiton in Map Viewer easier
In memory of devices there are some memory region and each memory region contains one or many sections. and each section belong to a specified group
Some memory region type and group of section are shown on the screen

Now I will present about the functions in Map Viewer plugin
The main function of MAp Viewer is to retrieve the Information of memory from map file and other plugin and display these information visually
There are 3 parts in view. 
First is left area. this area display overview information of memory region likes start address, name, used size and size of region.
The color inside rectange will change from green to yellow to red base on used size of region
USer can also view section information by clicking here.

Next is the memory region part. In this area, used size and size of regions are shown visually. User can view and check memory easily
When you hover on memory region in left area, the corresponding cell is highlighted
And there is a displayed tooltip when hovering on regions here

Last is detail informaiton area, the detail information is displayed here when clicking the memory regions in left area.
In this area, there are 2 parts, this part show basic information and the other show all section in this region.
Similar memory region part, cells are still highlighted and there is the tooltip when hovering

Next, I would like to introduce about 2 buttons
As you know, there are some non-map area in memory and usually are not shown.
Now user can view these non-map area by pressing the Show/Hide non-map area button. These regions will be shown in left area.
The next button is Show/Hide sections. With this button, USer can view all sections of memory and determine used and unused sections. 
In additional, with this mode, user can view position of sections in memory easily and visually.
